New CMS documentation - More improvements & fixes (#2369)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/user-docs/features/users-permissions.md

## Usage

The Users & Permissions feature can be used both via the admin panel, to create new end-user accounts, and via the APIs.

### Admin panel usage

> **Path to use the feature:** ![Content icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Feather.svg) Content Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Path to use the feature:** <Icon name="feather" /> Content Manager
```

  }}
/>

Registering new end users in a front-end application with the Users & Permissions plugin consists in adding a new entry to the User collection type.

> 1. Go to the User collection type in the ![Content icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Feather.svg) Content Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the User collection type in the <Icon name="feather" /> Content Manager.
```

2. Click on the **Create new entry** button in the top right corner.
3. Fill in the default fields of the entry. Additional fields added specifically for your Strapi application by your administrators may be displayed as well.
    | Field     | Instructions    |
    | --------- | ---------------------------- |
    | Username  | Write the username of the end user.    |
    | Email     | Write the complete email address of the end user in the textbox.   |

>     | Password  | (optional) Write a new password in the textbox. You can click on the ![Eye icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Eye.svg) icon for the password to be shown. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Password  | (optional) Write a new password in the textbox. You can click on the <Icon name="eye" /> icon for the password to be shown. |
```
